title: 考研复试英语自我介绍
id: 553
categories:
  - 分享
date: 2012-04-08 21:15:22
tags:
---

随着研究生考试的扩招,越来越多的人开始读研.但是对于英语相对差的人,研究生复试英语自我介绍成为了一道障碍,这里将给大家介绍研究生复试英语自我介绍应该如何做好.

**1.开场白**

Good morning,respected professors, I am very glad to be here for this interview.&nbsp;

**2.姓名，英文名，毕业院校，毕业专业，毕业学院**

My name is LiShuai, and my English name is Jacky Lee. I&#39;ve finished my undergraduate education in Xidian University, Electronic Science and Technology in the college of Technical Physics.

**3.性格，爱好，实践经验**

I am open-minded, willing and have broad interests like basketball, reading and especially in engineering such as software programming, website design, hardware design. For example, during the past four years, I have accomplished two websites: one is the website of our school, and the other is the website of the doctor forum of china 2007\. Furthermore, I am interested in C plus plus programming language and have written some application programs. In July in the last year,I finished my graduate project with flying colors,which was a software application about Image Process . In addition, I have also finished some projects about embedded system by using MCU when I was a junior.

**4.为什么想读研,将来愿意从事的方向,读研时的打算**

Although I have broad interests in many aspects and grasp the essential knowledge of the major, but I think at present, I can do many things in a superficial level, but not be competent to do things professionally owing to lack of ample knowledge and ability. So I think further study is still urgent for me to realize self-value. The major that I hope pursue for my further education is IC design. Because I find integrated circuits are playing a more and more important role in our modern society. And nowadays in China, with the recognition by the government, our domestic integrated circuits industry is growing rapidly and that may provide a lot of chances to us. I plan to concentrate on study and research in this field in my graduate time. And I hope I can form a systematic view of micro electronics and IC design technology and make a solid foundation for future profession after three years study here.

**5.结束语 

	**

OK, that&rsquo;s all. Thank you very much.&nbsp;

这是我的自我介绍：

It&#39;s really a great honor to have this opportunity for a interview.My name is xxx,I am 23 years old,and was born in Ordos,Inner Mongolia.I study in Dalian University of Technology,and will receive my bachelor degree in June.My major is networking engineering.I have passed CET4/6 with a ease and acquired basic knowledge of computer science and software engineering.

I have two main research and develop experience.One is about wireless sensor positioning.With the tools of Nettop,a wireless sensor network platform,I designed a program which can show real time position of the wireless sensors.Another is an Android application &nbsp;which can retrieve the image of remote IP camera and also can control the IP Camera.And recognize the face of visitor from the image.

If I luckily get the chance,I will concentrate on the study and research work.I can do many things in a superficial level,but not be competent to do things professionally.I hope I can form a systematic view of computer science and software engineering and make a solid foundation for the future profession after three years study.

This is my self introduction,thanks for your attention.

附一篇考研复试之英语自我介绍范文：

Good morning,my dear teachers,my dear professors.i am very glad to be here for your interview.my name is song yonghao, i come from luoyang,a very beautiful aicent city.my undergratuade period will be accomplished in chang&#39;an university in july ,2004;and now,i am trying my best for obtaining a key to tongji university. 　　

Generally speaking ,i am a hard working student especially do the thing i am interested in. i will try my best to finish it no matter how difficult it is. when i was sophomore, i found web design very interesting, so i learned it very hard . to weaver a homepage for myself, i stayed with my pesonel computer for half a month.,and i am the first one in my class who own his homepage. forthermore,i am a person with great perserverence. during the days preparing for the first examination,i insist on running every day, no matter what the weather was like.and just owning to this,i could concentrate on my study and succeeded in the end. 　　

Well ,in my spare time ,i like basketball, tennis and chinese chess. also english is my favorate.i often go to english corner to practise my oral english on every thursday,and write compositions to improve my witten ability .but i know my english is not good enough ,i will continue studying. 　

Ok, that is all,thank you for your attention.&nbsp;